Approx decimal sequence mapping (#8422)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/8421.feature.rst

> ``pytest.approx`` now works on Decimal within mapping and sequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`pytest.approx` now works on :type:`~decimal.Decimal` within mappings/dicts and sequences/lists.
```

Author: It looks like `:type:` is not well handled by Sphinx (?): https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest/runs/2093692237?check_suite_focus=true

I'm not really knowledgeable with your set-up so I'm a bit lost :o The following changelog seems to pass CI:
```
:func:`pytest.approx` now works on `~decimal.Decimal` within mappings/dicts and sequences/lists.
```

Would you be OK with it?

Reviewer: Gah, it probably needs to be `:class:`, sorry about that.

Author: `:class:` seems to be working locally, doing that now :+1:
